Ji,

Dare I say fare thee well?

When I first set foot here I came here out of curiosity, needing room to breathe from the world that wore away at me, a new distraction, thinking nothing of value would come from it even bothering

…and I then I found you, or you found me, rather.
Countless hours spend, shaping this world. Committing landscape to memory. Lines of code we added from our soul, because it meant something to us, because we cared so much about what we were creating, because it was fun and exciting.
We poured our hearts into these realms, places, domains… this ether reality, made of odds and ends. 
Our thoughts and emotions with each polygon, each brush stroke, each piece of coding that really only ever meant something to those who witnessed their inception, which was it’s only creators and visitors…

…you and I.

You always had a way of making the world a brighter place. Not just this one, but the one I occupy. You did the impossible, you found me among the millions out there, from across the world and you reached out to me and made an impact on my existence. Out of the millions out there, you found me.

You changed how I saw life.
You saw something in me, you believed in me. That you valued my existence, my thoughts, my feelings, our friendship. And knowing that, that truth, would cause this to happen to you, that reaching out to me once more would be the end of everything.

It hurts so goddamn much.
Even though we never met in person…
…Our friendship was real.

I visit the places we used to venture to, the places we made, hoping you’ll appear around the corner.

I trace our footsteps in these virtual lands, remembering the worlds we shaped, the things we forged.

Countless nights, together, the sun would both rise and set and we would be here, creating our own little universe. There is so much of us ingrained here. So much of you etched into this world.
I’m scraping at the reveries here, basking in the nostalgia, searching for something, but it hurts. It makes my eyes water, it makes the back of my throat ache. I’m burning my eyes looking, my ears are ringing from the silence, waiting for some indication you are here.
I lose track of time. I’m looking for you, for your ghost, wishing to change what I cannot change, reliving old memories to keep some part of you here with me.

Without you, I am alone, here, and in reality.

These places I wander, they aren’t real, but the adventures we had… the emotions and the memories we created…
 … they were real.

But in my dreams, the flood of guilt comes crashing down on me, and now I am afraid to sleep.
Not that I could sleep, anyways. What’s the point?  I’ll never wake up to another day where you exist in my life. I can never undo what happened.
I still think about you. 

I’m afraid to stop, honestly.

I don’t want to face this truth.
I’m searching for any trace of you.
I’m waiting for any sign of you.
How many times have I thought these thoughts since you left? How many times will I look back to where you’ve been?
But where you are, it is beyond yesterday’s grasp.

We spoke of the places we visit for real, Vancouver, Cape Palinuro, the Swiss Alps. You had so much to show me.
I think of what could have been, the memories we could be creating, the places we could have gone, both real and virtual.  

But you are out of reach, you are neither here in the virtual world and you cannot be found in the real world. You’ve gone to a place where no one will ever find you.

And it’s all my fault.
I know I should let go. But something tells me if I stop thinking about you, none of this would have meant anything, that your existence was for nothing. I don’t want you to disappear.

I miss you.

I can’t let myself forget you.

I’m sorry.

I wish I could tell you how sorry I was.

I wish you were here.

I wish things could just go back to the way it was.

Or that it was me.

But here I am. Still. Waiting.

If I pretend you are still here, the view is still nice.

It seems no matter what, I keep walking and finding myself back here.

Now what? 